>> Brian Holt: Something
else I want to say here, so
that people can get frustrated by.
There's things that are called
keywords in JavaScript.
In other words,
things that I cannot call my variable.
So if I try and call this var, right, it's
going to say, I don't know what that is.
You're trying to declare variable or
I can say const let, or const const.
So I can't have a variable called const,
right?
Because that confuses JavaScript.
So there's a whole slew of those,
like class is another one or for.
It's kind of a minefield [LAUGH].
Or with, that's another one
that people don't expect.
Anyway, that's another one that
you should be aware of okay.
>> Brian Holt: So you can actually
have this be multiple layers deep.
So I could have const monthsInAYear = 12.
And then here, instead of doing this,
I could just put that there.
So that makes sense, yearlyRent =
monthlyRent times monthsInAYear.
And often, because as far I know there's
no plan to change how many months
there are in a year, right?
This'll never be reassigned to something
else, this would be considered a constant.
So you can put this in what's
called screaming case.
>> Brian Holt: MONTHS_IN_A_YEAR,
they call it a screaming case cuz,
obviously, it's all in capital letters.
And this is just to let you know,
this is a constant,
this is just a fixed value
that will never change.
Now, there's nothing special about this.
I'm just showing you that this is
a convention we choose to adhere to.
And it just lets people know,
here's this constant that we have.
And that's what it means, right?
Does that make sense?